IF we doubt (don't have faith) THEN we will sink (Matt 14:31)

I have always found this story fasinating mostly because a mere human being 
actually walked on water for at least a short period of time! All the worldly 
coolness factor aside, this was a remarkable lesson on faith. I think it's 
pretty likely that the only reson he was able to do it was because Christ said 
he could however God always works in a way that requires us to have faith. I 
have often wondered (mostly due to my technical mind) why God doesn't just 
give us proof, why God doesn't just come down and prove that he exists and put 
all that confusion aside. It's a hard question to answer (I would love your 
opinions).

One common explination is that if we saw signs and wonders it wouldn't change 
our hearts. I think this is very true. Often times we think we see the world 
as it really is, we assume that even what we are seeing with our eyes in 
infaliable, or matches up with reality exactly. The truth is we are all seeing 
through tinted windows of our own bias. Sure it's almost undoubtable that your 
looking at the text that I wrote but it's what the text says is heavily 
colored by your own uniqueness.

Knowlege is just knowlege, it has no meaning except that which we atach to it. 
For instance gravity is to many of us, some invisible force that causes us to 
fall. Cool things fall twards the earth. That's not all that interesting by 
itself. However the implications of it are profound! It's the reason why air 
and ourselves don't float off into the deep darkness of space, it's essential 
for a car to move (try driving a car in the air and tell me how it goes). The 
more I think about the implications of Gravity the more I become a convert to 
it! Gospel principles are this way and often times why we think of them as, "
same old, same old". The main reason I would argue would be because we haven'
t understood the implications of them! We haven't yet applied them to 
ourselves and see how very much we need them and how much better our world 
would be if there was a little more if it!

So yes if God told us all the answers we could probably write down (at least 
the most basic ones). But they would probably appear flat all by themselves, 
and we would be quickly bored. We must work to understand things like faith in 
a much deeper sense to get anything out of 
them.


