
= [[DiscreteMath/index|Discrete Math 3]] = 
- [ ] In class quiz
   - [ ] I will review my answers and the correct answers to the two versions of this quiz.
   - [ ] If I don't have or can't find my answers, I will come talk to Brother Neff to review these quizzes.
   - [ ] I will review the properties of logarithms in connection with comparing the orders of growth of two logarithmic functions.
   - [ ] I will review the properties of limits in connection with comparing orders of growth.
   - [ ] I will review the properties of the [[derivatives]] of polynomial and exponential functions.
   - [ ] Review [[log]]orithms
   - [ ] I know what [[running time]] as a function of n means.
   - [ ] I know what it means to prove that some function is [[Big-Theta]](something) using [[limits]].
   - [ ] I know how to [[produce witnesses]] to the Big-Oh-ness of a given function.
- [ ] Finnish 2nd part
- [ ] Finnish 3rd part
   - [ ] Ask for help after stuff
   - [ ] Spend on 3 hours on part 3
- [ ] Look at it
- [ ] I know how to analyze a given algorithm, and can find its [[Big-Oh]], [[Big-Omega]] and [[Big-Theta]] class.
- [ ] I know what [[running time]] as a function of n means.
- [ ] I know what it means to prove that some function is [[Big-Theta]](something) using [[limits]].
- [ ] I know how to [[produce witnesses]] to the Big-Oh-ness of a given function.

= [[AI/index|AI]] = 
- [ ] Start working on [[Term Paper]]

= [[NewTest/index|New Testiment]] = 
- [ ] Wed Study
   - [ ] Matthew 5-10, 12;
   - [ ] Mark 2-3;
   - [ ] Luke 5-6. 

= [[Software1/index|Software 1]] = 
- [ ] Talk to Ercanbrac
- [ ] Ethnography on someone\n
