= Discrete Math CS 306 =


= TODO =

- [ ] In class quiz
   - [ ] I will review my answers and the correct answers to the two versions of this quiz.
   - [ ] If I don't have or can't find my answers, I will come talk to Brother Neff to review these quizzes.
   - [ ] I will review the properties of logarithms in connection with comparing the orders of growth of two logarithmic functions.
   - [ ] I will review the properties of limits in connection with comparing orders of growth.
   - [ ] I will review the properties of the [[derivatives]] of polynomial and exponential functions.

= Book =
- [[ch1]]
- [[ch2]]
- [[ch3]]
   - [[3.1ex]]
- [[ch4]]

= Tests: =
- [o] [[Test 1]]
   - [ ] Review [[log]]orithms
   - [X] I know the FULL definition of an [[algorithm]].
   - [X] I know [[Knuths quote|Donald Knuth]]'s quote about algorithmic thinkers, and if not, I will consider using the help provided by http://www.memorizenow.com/.
   - [X] I know how to match [[problem types]] to their descriptions.
   - [X] I know how to analyze a given algorithm, and can find its [[Big-Oh]], [[Big-Omega]] and [[Big-Theta]] class.
   - [X] I understand the differences between the basic [[efficiency classes]].
   - [ ] I know what [[running time]] as a function of n means.
   - [ ] I know what it means to prove that some function is [[Big-Theta]](something) using [[limits]].
   - [ ] I know how to [[produce witnesses]] to the Big-Oh-ness of a given function.
- [ ] [[Test 2]]
- [ ] [[Test 3]]


= Explorations: =
# [X] [[Mysteriousness]]
# [ ] [[Inquisitiveness]]
   - [ ] Look at it
   - [ ] Write algorithms for a few sorts or somthing
# [ ] [[Dizziness]]
# [ ] [[Goodness]]
# [ ] [[Vastness]]


= Class: =
- [[2015-01-20]]
- [[2015-01-29]]
- [[2015-02-03]]
