= Term Paper = 

__Your topic__: LISP

== PURPOSE ==
The purpose of the term paper is to give students the opportunity to do 
individualized study to develop in depth familiarity with a specific area of 
research in the Artificial Intelligence (AI) field, and to have the 
opportunity to teach what they have learned to the rest of the 
class.

== SUBJECT ==
The subject selected must be a topic relating to the field of AI as defined in 
this course. In general, you will be _expected to review the history of the 
topic_, the _current developments_ in the area selected by thoroughly searching 
the technical literature, reporting a summary of that material, drawing 
conclusions from it, and relating how that information could be applied in a 
practical situation.  

You are expected to investigate your topic thoroughly, 
going beyond the level of presentation found in the course text. The main 
content of the paper will be shared with the class in a 20 to 25 minute [[presentation]].

== SUGGESTIONS FOR TOPICS ==
You are encouraged to select a topic that is of interest to you and one with 
sufficient published material to result in a high quality paper. The following 
list of topics is presented to help your thought processes get 
started:

* The Turing Test 
* The LISP programming language 
* The PROLOG programming language 
* Google driverless car 
* Watson- The Jeopardy playing machine 
* Chess playing machines – Big Blue 
* Neural Networks 
* Fuzzy Logic 
* Language Translation machines 
* CAPTCHA 
* Genetic Algorithms 
* “Strong AI” the limits of machine intelligence 
* AI in video games 
* Algorithms for GPS route planning 
* Heuristic algorithms used by humans to make decisions 
* Recent advances in Robotics 
* Artificial vision 
* Data Mining 
* Virtual Reality 
* Speech recognition
* Home cleaning robots 
* Expert Systems (specific application) This in not an exhaustive list. Other suggestions are welcomed.

== TOPIC APPROVAL ==
You are to submit a short written statement via e-mail specifying the topic 
you would like to write about.  In your e-mail briefly indicate the extent to 
which you will cover the subject area. All topics must receive my approval 
before they are considered acceptable for fulfilling the term paper requirement
. In general, no two students will be allowed to have the same topic. Approval 
will be granted on a first come, first served basis.

== SOURCES ==
Your reference material must be drawn from reputable sources.  Some material 
from the popular computing literature is OK, but the majority of material must 
come from recent technical books, and journals or conference proceedings 
published by IEEE or ACM.  Examples of acceptable journals are: IEEE Software, 
IEEE Computer, IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, and Communication of 
the ACM.  Material may also come from conference proceedings, and high quality 
technical reports.

== LENGTH OF PAPER ==
The main requirement is thorough treatment of the subject. Showing depth of 
understanding in a relatively narrow area is preferable to shallow treatment 
of a broad topical area. I would anticipate that most papers should be:
- _5 to 10 pages in length._
- All papers are to be typed.
- Pages are to be single spaced, 
- have minimum margins of 3/4 inch, and 
- use a 12 point font.

== FORMAT AND CONTENT ==
The paper must be typed and organized to generally follow the format shown 
below. Any illustrations, drawings, tables or graphs must be neatly done, 
titled, and properly referenced and explained in the text of the paper. Use of 
material from published sources must be properly referenced and supported by 
proper citation with complete bibliographic information provided. Use the ACM 
or IEEE referencing style which you can find in use in any IEEE or ACM 
publication.

Remember that most of your papers are "library research" documenting existing 
concepts. No specific intention exists to require you to develop original 
concepts, ideas or techniques beyond what is required to present your 
interpretation of the material you are investigating. You may wish to 
illustrate your understanding of a concept by creating your own example of its 
application. Also, you may include original material if you wish but it will 
be subject to my evaluation and its dissemination cannot be restricted. A 
typical term paper _outline_ might look like this:
* Title page
* Introduction (statement of topic, problem area, etc. and why it is important) 
* Review of previous work (review or summary of the literature surveyed with proper references, and/or results from implementations or evaluations) 
* Interpretation and application of concepts 
* Conclusions 
* Bibliography (reference list for citations appearing in your paper) 
* Optional Appendix (attach copies of any material you think is appropriate for inclusion such as articles referenced in your paper, or other material  from web sites, listings of any programs developed, etc.)

